refactor(github): rename org to canonical (#4352)
canonical/maas-ui: README.md

Community contributions are most welcome, and there are a number of ways to participate:

- [Submit bugs and feature requests](https://github.com/canonical/maas-ui/issues)
- [Assist with code review](https://github.com/canonical/maas-ui/pulls)

> - [Submit bugs for the MAAS website](https://github.com/canonical/react-components)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Submit bugs for the MAAS website](https://github.com/canonical/maas.io)
```

Author: Oops! Thanks :).
